OSDOCS-5277-rn: Document a vSphere deprecated release note (#57853)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

==== VMware vSphere region and zone enablement
You can deploy an {product-title} cluster to multiple vSphere datacenters or regions that run in a single VMware vCenter. Each datacenter can run multiple clusters or zones. This configuration reduces the risk of a hardware failure or network outage causing your cluster to fail.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> For {product-title} {product-version}, you cannot deploy an upgraded cluster to multiple vSphere regions in a VMware vCenter instance. You must install a cluster on {product-title} {product-version}, configure the multiple vSphere datacenter environment, and then deploy the cluster in this environment. 

Reviewer: I'd say something along these lines: "Only newly installed clusters can use this feature . You cannot use the new region and zones introduced in this release in a cluster upgraded from a previous release since this feature depends on using the CSI StorageClass, which isn't enabled in upgraded clusters."

> For {product-title} {product-version}, you cannot deploy an upgraded cluster to multiple vSphere regions in a VMware vCenter instance. You must install a cluster on {product-title} {product-version}, configure the multiple vSphere datacenter environment, and then deploy the cluster in this environment. 

Reviewer: Instead of "deploy an upgraded cluster" I'd explain something along these lines:

"You can only use this feature in newly installed clusters. This feature requires the CSI storage class which is only available in newly installed clusters"

Author: Updated

==== VMware vSphere region and zone enablement
You can deploy an {product-title} cluster to multiple vSphere datacenters or regions that run in a single VMware vCenter. Each datacenter can run multiple clusters or zones. This configuration reduces the risk of a hardware failure or network outage causing your cluster to fail.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The VMware vSphere region and zone enablement feature is only compatible with a newly installed cluster, because this feature requires the Container Storage Interface (CSI) storage class. A cluster that was upgraded from a previous release does not include the CSI storage class.

Reviewer 2: LGTM, but I made a possible suggestion.
```suggestion
The VMware vSphere region and zone enablement feature is only available with a newly installed cluster because this feature requires the Container Storage Interface (CSI) storage class. A cluster that was upgraded from a previous release does not include the required CSI storage class.
```

Author: Thanks, @rvanderp3 . Updated.

> The VMware vSphere region and zone enablement feature is only available with a newly installed cluster, because this feature requires the Container Storage Interface (CSI) storage class. A cluster that was upgraded from a previous release does not include the required CSI storage class.

Reviewer 3: it depends on CSI migration to be enabled, not on having a CSI storage class. vSphere CSI storage classes are available since 4.10. Upgraded clusters don't have CSI migration enabled by default.
